Sprezzatura notes:

Elevator Pitch:
Ear Piercings Visual Novel: Sprezzatura is a short game. You, the player, will assume the role of a musician. You've had a hyperfixation on the band Ear Piercings for months now. Their search for a new singer has turned up a raw talent- one who really *gets* Ear Piercings- and it's you!

In the game, you will interact with the other members of Ear Piercings, while trying to preserve your own sanity.

Love Interests (LI's)

You (idk age, singer, custom pronouns)
You are a changeling.

Rascal Domino (immortal, born at least before 1934, guitarist, he/him):
old cat man, southern gothic(?), dark secrets(?), gravely, drives a stake through your heart? No that's someone else. Just wants you to experience all the art in the world, and share his fixations innocently. This causes you to disintegrate fastest compared to any other LI route, and idk how you die. Maybe Eerie kills you in his defense.

If you listen to Rascal's music, you immediately look different to everyone and Eerie drives a stake through your heart. He could have just stabbed you with a regular knife, you're not a vampire. At least you would have died without splinters in your insides.
Advance through Rascal's arc by refusing to listen to music, prompting the interest of Paz.

Paz Ratio (18, drummer, they/them):
Just excited to be here. Taking a gap year to tour before going into college (undecided). Would rather trade school but their father insists on university. Better life for his kids and all. They are not world weary like everyone else, and they find your qualities strange but have a desire to protect you. Rascal is too brusque. Besides, you two are both new to the band! They can help you feel more comfortable with your new environment. You're a little noticeably awkward around them when they try to be so friendly.

If you refuse to listen to Paz's song, they stop talking to you. If you do listen to their music, it prompts an obsession with Paz. Either way, Paz doesn't have an ending, and you advance to Eerie and DJ Endo's arc.

Now these two are interested in you. You get to pick.

DJ Endocrinologist (29, electronics, he/him):
Experimental music lifer. Born to do this shit. The Orlam of Sprezzatura. Doesn't hate your condition but his curiosity is, uh, close for comfort? He initially seems to understand your predicament. The desire to change. But he can only relate so far. Eventually he says, "You're not a real person..." Then he tries to give you something that will make you who you want to be.

// Easy option: the potion kills you.
// Ambitious option: It doesn't kill you, you can even still get a happy ending. But it does fuck you up somehow.

Eerie (23, bassist, idk pronouns?):
catboy, new jersey kandi wearer. Rave puppycat. Maybe the best option? Hunted by the bush spirit, no stranger to the paranormal. Would probably kill you in defense of the other bandmates, if you choose their arcs. Most capable of violence but not interested in hurting you if he finds your true nature.
